jontron
you
I mastered I have returned from my
mission now every young boy in Nebraska
knows that he gets a little too curious
down there
severe blindness in fairy palms will
ensue magnificent bubbly yes
what you lack in a normal name makeup in
passion for our goals the cycle of
fear-mongering is almost complete
there is but one more young boy we must
capture to tell him the tides of war
you don't mean it's too risky we don't
entirely sudden assertive one it is as
well worth taking the time has come
maccalister means back to the realm of
molest rim wow that's really great in
this movie I don't love being in you
know what I feel like talking about
today fear mongering it never goes out
of style from reefer madness back in
1936 warning us of the dangers of the
demon drug marijuana to the Red Scare
keeping us away from those evil commies
who could be your next door neighbor too
even the news media today with its
endless upon endless mountains of scare
campaigns every day it seems something
new is encroaching on you waiting to
strike when you least expect it oh who
are you
I'm rich okay could you get out of my
house oh yeah yeah anyways that brings
me to today's subject the chick track
for those of you that don't know which
chick tract is a short evangelical
literary work created and published by
American publisher Jack T chick in short
they're a bunch of brief comics that
warned about the folly of man and how to
best avoid God's wrath but sounds silly
enough but this guy is prolific selling
over seven hundred and fifty million
tracks via his publication gosh be
damned man that's a lot of Jesus Jack be
nimble Jack T chick Jack be right in the
pile of [__] you know I'm saying okay
one track though was meant to stand out
among the rest the one the only the 1984
publication of dark dungeons this one
dealt with the dangers of playing
Dungeons & Dragons and the satanic
inclinations of those who worship the
20-sided die I mean come on let's talk
some sense all right we all know how
dangerous Dungeons & Dragons is
among the tabletop gaming community dark
dungeons became something of a cult
classic a cultural bookmarker of the
lengths that people would go to demonize
a simple hobby so what's this I have
here you may ask well I'll tell you
apparently a group of film makers
acquired the actual legitimate rights to
make a film adaptation of the dark
dungeons tract and yes Jack T chick put
his stamp of approval on it himself
what else do I gotta say it's gonna be a
good one and let's go oh and there it
goes 200 damage to my DVD player for
reading the data on this goddamn disk so
our film begins as a secret council
discusses how it has been plotting to
bring more and more innocent youths to
the dark side evil will reign and we
will bring it forth in the flesh
astrology and tarot card sales are
pulling more and more young people into
the dark woods world politics are
steadily progressing toward our
one-world government and I left an
episode of Bill Nye the Science Guy on
three separate people's TVs I am excited
to announce that this year more people
have decided to be homosexuals than ever
before in history
oh yes the dark magic has been
especially strong this year gays ok
popping up left to right if we can
corrupt just a few more Souls at this
College then the stars will be right and
when the stars are right oh [__] he will
awakened and rebel across the world
deity will give you a then you'll go to
hell with all the Catholics and Jews and
play Magic the Gathering with Satan so
here we meet friends and protagonists
Debbie and Marcie - devoutly Christian
girls who find themselves on a new
college campus together ready to explore
college life and spread the good word of
the Lord they head to their college
orientation and watch a film on a
projector that's as outdated as the
beliefs presented in this film hey who
are those people those are the RPGs at
this juncture were introduced to the so
called RPG years in this world they're
the cool kids on campus mm-hmm very
factual they're Marcy and Debbie are
instantly allured we've been trying to
get them to thrown off campus for years
but they're just too popular
what's an RPG you don't need to know
yeah I kind of do though but ignoring
Mike's warning against engagement with
this radical group I've seen a lot of
students trying to dabble with RPGs not
one has ever stopped the girls set off
to the fraternity of role players in an
attempt to convert some of the players
to a different way of thinking or so
they say come on you've got to socialize
I guess you're right if we don't go to
this party you and I would be spending
all Saturday alone together in our dorm
room and how much fun could we have
doing that not much I guess how much you
could do there what could go wrong
I'm having second thoughts yeah maybe we
should just go goodbye you be
we're just leaving hi just leaving right
after Nancy Magoo nurse study over here
strong arms Marcia way they are now
whisked into the dark underbelly of the
role-playing world hydration is
important wow that's a very
coincidentally coordinated action maybe
we should go that senior warned us about
playing RPGs Oh what does he know Mike
knows nothing after all what did he say
what happened excuse me who are you Mike
said that once we start we won't want to
stop that's true of eating drinking and
Pringles especially the pizza flavored
ones oh look here I go again I hope you
are not disrespecting mistress frost by
refusing on down nitro yes seriously
what the [__] calm down dude go back to
playing flip Cup huh if they want to be
a couple of chickens to go their entire
lives without experiencing the unrivaled
thrill of an RPG that's their business
we're not chicken then prove it by
playing also I'm gonna need a DNA sample
from each of you and a picture of what
you think a chicken is just make sure
we're talking about the same thing here
so the girls fall victim and the
mysterious lady who is definitely
college aged and the correct demographic
for role-playing introduces them to
their new alter egos you are
lack leaf the thief who is to the night
as the day is to the shadow shadow the
shadow the shadow yeah
shadow heard you first time got it got
him you shall be elf star cleric and
possessor of the real power is the real
power yeah how come excuse me well why
does she get the real power what is the
what is the real power exactly you sound
sound spare whoever I got shadow
yes shadows not as good as a real power
now let the games begin and may your
roles be ever natural huh okay
playing games with an evil witch woman
who's definitely needy college-aged wait
why did that guy just blow smoke out of
his face that's weird when you die in
the game you die in real life except you
don't you go back to your dorm and play
some GTA 5 all right I use magic missile
to attack the darkness Baldrick windy
draws defeated and broken at your feet
how shall you slay your defeated foe oh
god we don't have to kill him do we
no you could show mercy to your enemy
and all that would cost would be your
gold and your weapons cold dead stop
desperately which I will slay the
helpless foe I have no mercy
I am chaotic neutral excellent RPG Debi
I stabbed him with a poisoned dagger you
want it you want it
take it take it take it
you know it was it was all cool and good
but after that I just I don't think this
could be the same anymore
that was the best RPG I seen 15 years
and I'm only 15 or at least that's what
the crack in my brain made my brain say
to me what is this [__] so the girls go
home and sit on their beds dreaming
about the fun they had earlier in the
night all the while the dark council
schemes about their upcoming sacrifice
can I tell you something when I started
casting spells in the game I felt
something I don't know what it was I
don't even know how to describe it but
keep on trying you'll get there strong
so you know wasn't so hard was it
so after nights and nights of RPG
playing Debbie's teacher takes note of
her failing grades you know when you
first started here I thought you're
gonna be one of the brightest students
here but ever since you involved
yourself in those wicked RPGs grades
have been going down steadily
month-by-month RPGs aren't that bad
spells poison battles maiming killing
yeah but it's all imagination is it is
it Debbie well I suggest you read a
totally real book that has absolutely no
poisoning maiming or killing in it
called the Holy Bible
quit the RPGs Debbie it's your only hope
but predictably not heating your
professors advice she decides to go back
in for one final game and discovers she
is ready to receive the true power your
cleric has been raised to the eighth
level I think it's time you really learn
to cast spells do you think you're gonna
maybe back up a bit
I brought else start to become a
priestess and witch yes both of those
things for some reason wait hon that's
what our preaching does that's what it
gives you that's [__] awesome I gotta
get on there right now
so Debbie uses her newfound real powers
to get an A+ on her paper Oh and now she
dresses like Morticia Addams by the way
and some weird [__] like this goes down
I think your hands are perfect for spell
casting so delicate and small yeah
enough chit chatting we have important
matters to discuss the evil undead
Lich's icon is attempting to reach the
gate misters pressed yeah we'll let you
finish Elvira mistress of the dark it's
all good about the evil Lynch but first
check out my high score flappy bird I
still love the game but it doesn't have
the same kick it used to have you know I
could go for some stronger stuff then it
is time for El a are P what's that yeah
what's that
live-action role-playing
watch your Thunderbolt $3,000 critic
colors dark out critic Condor Thunder
die arts arts late though you have
gained many skills through your RPG
LARPing will tax them as they've never
been taxed before who are you
I'm Marcy no I mean literally who are
you I'm very short term memory I'm black
leaf the thief of the shadows sick voice
so now the dungeon mistress mrs. frost
is prepping the girls for live-action
role-playing she explains that they can
never break character or else suffer the
wrath of forever losing their privilege
to play RPGs with her no that would be a
truly unbearable fate you come across
this in your quest appears to be some
kind of Arabic yes one of the many
varieties
wait Marcy didn't you learn Arabic you
needed it to convert the Muslims who
didn't realize they were actually
worshiping the moon god I ain't even
going near that I'm not sure I should
Marcy we need to get you to level eight
read it
I'm Nestle Tara Allen teeth or Abdul el
nmero a hooker pathological juice mint
salad a doula mechicka boola
bibbidi-bobbidi-boo put them together
and what have you got if any Boppity boo
I think it means something is not dead
which has the capacity to exist
eternally I just admit it you put that
[__] in Google Translate when we weren't
looking didn't you and if the abnormal
duration comes then death might cease
for God's sake what y'all quit that [__]
man its Cthulhu of course is Cthulhu who
else would it be we got control
mistress frost the dark one requires a
sacrifice if he is to fully rise why she
using a walkie talkie aren't they demons
can't they speak to each other through
brain and since when has she got an
earpiece on I mean these are a bunch of
well coordinated techie demigods I'll
tell you that much I can easily take
care of that
no the dark one needs one of them to
take her own life
actually mcdougal back here says we all
got a free Egg McMuffin if you do the
slaying yourself so you know what to do
do you know what actually is probably
not the greatest idea to piss off
Cthulhu Lord of Darkness for the
McDonald's breakfast menu so oh yeah
bored mission actually hey you know what
[__] McMuffins all around let's get
this party started you travel deep deep
down your path where you encounter the
zombie
I shall decapitate the field you
encounter Lou excuse me sir what was
what's my one again stop that right now
if you act you will be breaking
character oh god anything but that
so Debbie comes to the conclusion that
she must betray Marcie as not to break
her character and Marcie is declared
dead from the game Marcie get out of
here you're dead you don't exist anymore
so just walk away my god this is gonna
be really awkward when they get home
into their dorm tonight
oh yeah that's awkward
yeah no like I mean you really didn't
this whole thing wasn't really a big
deal honestly it's my fault
black Leif died I can't face life alone
so yes Marcy [__] actually hangs
herself over exiled from the RPG and
well fun fact about this frame it's
actually ripped straight from the
original chick tracked right down to the
formatting and the font of the text now
that's how you do an adaptation take
note of that Dragonball Evolution you
[__] anomalous wretch in need of
euthanization I can't get Marcy out of
my mind how could she do something like
this would have happened sooner or later
all she was good for was reading the
Necronomicon and summoning the food oh
come on that's it that's all she was
good for being upset that she caused her
friend to commit suicide as one does
Debbie gets even more fired up and plays
right into the hands of mrs. frost so
logically she goes into the nearby steam
tunnels and starts casting spells at bat
sounds and also she encounters a pupu
monster that tries to eat her oh I feel
that why you just can't oh gosh the
ghost of Marcy is back it's a miracle
it's your fault I'm okay even if that
were true little subtlety take you a
long way
I will Marcy I will
it's one big party and all your friends
will be there
oh yeah well that sounds an awful lot
like what a disguise
Satan would say hey Debbie what's wrong
well it's a bit of a long story
does your friend ever hung herself
because you killed her character and
Dungeons & Dragons evil without end is
about to descend upon the works of man
and none of my RPG tome said the answer
how to stop it been there girlfriend
Debbie I told you Jesus is the only
answer using RPGs to fight evil will
never work because RPGs are evil Debbie
amen so now with the help of deus ex
machina mike debbie has taken to the one
man who can help her rid herself of the
evils that now infest her soul because
of a tabletop dungeon crawler the local
pastry I mean the local pastor hey
coulda fooled me only difference I see
between twos one of them's really yummy
Jesus sets us free from the bondage of
witchcraft gather up all of your coke
paraphernalia the rock music occult
books including those by CS Lewis and
JRR tolkien
although I will be given a pass on the
works of george RR martin because [__]
me john snow is just a total goddamn
heartthrob and you know it if you doubt
the occult nature of these books just
take a look here no kid should be going
through a wardrobe into a winter
wonderland having dial out with a
talking lion that should be [__]
witch crime but don't just throw them
away burn yes burn them
the smaller the chance of an unbiased
peer-reviewed study the better
help me so Debbie gives in to the power
of the Lord and asks to be absolved of
her inner demon you really want to lose
all your weapons and go Debbie for God's
sake the Raiders fishing reason listen
nothing without the game right cool it
Jesus I repent I want you to be in
charge of everything not that lousy RPG
man hey you watch what you saying about
Emanuel he's pretty cool
now back at base the demon computing
systems are going off the charts because
Debbie renounced her role-playing
character the stars are no longer right
why are the stars no longer right
systems are malfunctioning
John is clocking in at a whopping 319
I see Cthulhu nice to know you like to
see I haven't have any of you what the
[__] is this and so with that balance is
restored Wow holy crap
was that necessary okay and the film
ends how else but with a mass book
burning beautiful thank you boon for
setting me free
that is word-for-word how the comic
strip goes and it even makes mention to
the specific works of CS Lewis and JRR
tolkien which makes it so much better
that it's actually in the movie now you
can argue that this movie didn't take
this or these topics seriously but the
writer of the original work did and this
is a true adaptation so that makes this
movie legit and that's all that matters
to me so everyone thank you for going on
this wonderful journey with me good
night and God bless america secular
society yeah maybe
you guys won't see your cool store trick
oh crap see yes a big thanks to
audible.com for sponsoring this episode
of jontron without them this wouldn't be
possible if you don't know about audible
they are the premier provider of
audiobooks and audio products you can
take it on your phone tablet or a
computer anywhere you want it's pretty
great if you use my specialized link
audible.com slash jontron you can get a
free 30-day trial and a free audiobook
and by the way yeah you keep the free
audiobook even if you don't renew the
service so that's pretty cool
this month I recommend to you time of
contempt by Andrzej Sapkowski narrated
by Peter Kenny now if you don't know
about this series of books it's actually
the books that inspired The Witcher
games so if you want to follow a monster
slaying adventure with Geralt Jennifer
and ciri then pick up this free 30-day
trial now I'm out and thanks for
watching by the way guys if you enjoyed
the film you can go to their website
dark dungeons the movie calm and buy it
for five dollars or more if you choose
it comes in full HD in its DRM free I'm
not affiliated with the movie in any way
just wanted to throw some support there
way for the entertainment they provided
us all right thanks everyone see you
next time